Clean up README and link to new documentation (#7)
EMnify/emnify-sdk-java: README.md

# emnify Java SDK

![Build Status](https://github.com/EMnify/emnify-sdk-java/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.emnify.sdk/emnify)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.emnify.sdk%20AND%20a:emnify)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/EMnify/emnify-sdk-java/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=PKQ5909911)](https://codecov.io/gh/EMnify/emnify-sdk-java)
[![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=EMnify_emnify-sdk-java&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=EMnify_emnify-sdk-java)

Supply your swarm of IoT devices with cloud connectivity by [emnify](https://emnify.com).
Automate your routines with this SDK for Java.  

## Installation

The recommended method for installing the SDK is with a build automation tool, like Maven or Gradle. 

> You can add the emnify dependency to your existing project, specifying the latest version.

Reviewer: Non-blocking, i.e., just a comment:

It's grammatical and makes sense, but there's just something odd about it.

    </dependency>
```

### Gradle

Use the following to add the emnify dependency to your project via [Gradle](https://gradle.org/install/):

```gradle
    implementation group: "com.emnify.sdk", name: "emnify", version: "{version}"
```

### Compile the SDK yourself

If you want to compile it yourself, here's how:

```shell
    git clone git@github.com:EMnify/emnify-sdk-java
    cd emnify-sdk-java
    mvn install # Requires Maven
```
If you want to build your own `.jar`, execute the following from within the cloned directory:

```shell
  mvn package
```

## Supported Java versions 

This library supports the following Java implementations:

- [OpenJDK 8](https://openjdk.org/projects/jdk8/)
- [OpenJDK 11](https://openjdk.org/projects/jdk/11/)
- [OracleJDK 8](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#java8)
- [OracleJDK 11](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#java11)

## TLS requirements

Refer to the [SSL Report table](https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html?d=cdn.emnify.net&latest) for the supported Transport Layer Security (TLS) versions.

## Environment variables

> You can use environment variables for storing configuration like application token or base URL rather than hardcoding them into your application.

Reviewer: This was corrected in the [product docs](https://github.com/EMnify/product-docs/blob/main/docs/sdks/java/getting-started.md?plain=1#L70) as:

> You can use environment variables for storing configuration settings like an application token or a base URL instead of hardcoding them in your application.

| Name               | Description                                                              |
|--------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `EMNIFY_BASE_PATH` | Base URL to form a request. Default value:  `https://cdn.emnify.net` |

> | `EMNIFY_APPLICATION_TOKEN`  | Variable for authentication via [application token](https://cdn.emnify.net/api/doc/application-token.html). |
> | `EMNIFY_USERNAME` and `EMNIFY_PASSWORD` | Variable for authentication via [username and password](https://cdn.emnify.net/api/doc/basic-auth.html). |

Reviewer: See lines 75 and 76 in the [product docs](https://github.com/EMnify/product-docs/blob/69d32508a0dd23cf7c2a0cd14cdf4d2fbaf26f41/docs/sdks/java/getting-started.md?plain=1#L76)

```suggestion
| `EMNIFY_APPLICATION_TOKEN`  | Variable for authenticating via an [application token](https://cdn.emnify.net/api/doc/application-token.html). |
| `EMNIFY_USERNAME` and `EMNIFY_PASSWORD` | Variables for authenticating via [username and password](https://cdn.emnify.net/api/doc/basic-auth.html). |
```
